[Music]
what doesn't happen here what doesn't happen at the
salsería is not possible it was the last day
that we did live here it was the
debate not the mother of mine but let's
see Explain to me how suddenly
the two of them had been fighting for a week and it has to
happen here at the salsería it
has to happen here at the salsería
because if not things don't happen I
saw that c coming utbh and Well then
then the logio spoke to me eh What
happens that elogio is no longer included he already said what he
had to say you know but but wow
wow I mean a little surreal Jai your
diet and your exercise are giving an
incredible result You look like a
hottie well Shark Shark eh how do you
pronounce scar scarpin Shark I have to
tell you that more than the diet it's my
genetics because the diet will depend on you I'm
eating a little bit of everything in the end you know
but yes it's true that I'm doing
crossfit it's what I'm maintaining
but this week I haven't been going
to the gym much I have to
admit it because the first the first the
first days of the week I was
bad remember that I had a
lot of bloes here I don't know what and the and the
second half is that I'm really busy
Because surely this week I'm going to get
lost I have to answer an audio to
Marina I have to answer an audio to
Marta Riesco who sent me an audio yesterday
too and I'm going full throttle I'm going full throttle
because I want to miss
some little things tomorrow day after tomorrow and I want to leave you all with as
much content as possible and if I go
to the gym then I won't be able to then well I'm
telling you it's 6:30 Look maybe I'm going to
go to the gym when I finish this
live if I finish this live early and
I have time before 9 it's because I don't have
time man because I have to do
a lot of things I have to do a
lot of things Okay uh a debate here
a debate here in the salsería okay with
sasel and utbh yelling at each other and also a Papo
over there giving 400 of superchat did
you see it well from here I send him a
huge kiss because
the guy kept his word I don't know I don't know if he
told me 400 500 something like that but  the
guy said it as a joke because of course we didn't
expect that sasel was going to show up
here and that utbh was going to show up
man what do you want me to say
knowing that utbh follows me because the [ __ ]
we're friends no more or less and and he was
live besides utbh at that moment I think
Knowing that If sasel showed up Well
yes it was fair to say that utbh would show up But not
for nothing but because someone would warn him
Hey there's sasel there where Javi
is talking about you in the canijo and yes I
did but I didn't I didn't expect it the
truth is that the debate would come up also
like sasel there was a moment at the beginning
where I was like no, he
wasn't receptive to the debate and
the guy said if you get the debate however
you get that debate I'll give you a super
chat and 500 bucks and the guy kept his
word that I didn't even remember he didn't
have to have done it he didn't have to have done it
the guy did it no
then well someone has been around here
click I know I know that Sergio was going to upload
a video reacting to more or less what
had happened in the debate okay I'm going to
look around here for something This I don't know if it
will be a video that sasel
also made after the debate precisely I
made a video in the afternoon on
YouTube seeing how things are
saying man stop stop stop that's it ignore the
subject don't
ever talk about me again he says no it's
that sasel wants you to pay attention to him no no no I do
n't want him to pay
any attention to me already ignore me ignore me forever
ignore me forever I don't
know if this would be after the debate Let's
see let's take any case seriously
with respect to what
a judge is going to say or not give his opinion I
asked Pablo Franco I'll tell you
lawyer and so on in relation to this issue
and my interpretation or my non-
interpretation of the moans This is the
good thing Pablo had here let's see Pablo
Franco is my lawyer eh And I also
share a lawyer with Sergio with utbh he
also takes him some things
that he would have told me Well he also
took him to  he various things not various
topics of demand Pablo was here he
was in the chat he was in the chat
when I was in the debate in fact I
also spoke to him on the phone
after he was giving me his opinion
also let's see Pablo what he told me Is that
Sergio's point is that the issue the
issue of Sergio who came in very upset
bastard eh more flies marry honey
than vinegar V relaxed and
explain it to him but if apart from that if the
other was not upset the other was
calm damn well tell him and by going
so fast well people don't
empathize maybe as much with him I
think that was the subject but of course
the point Sergio's point was very
simple I mean and it's something That what
happened to us ourselves is that when you
see the clip within the context knowing
that María eh has erotic content
no it also has it on it also has it
on Twitter that we couldn't put in her
Twitter account because it had
sensitive content No well you hear
screaming in the next room and they
put you manipulated or not the clippings not in
what the girlfriend says in a YouTube video
the girlfriend of is to be  in the
next room tat ta ta [ __ ] Well you
believe it And that's it and it works That's it,
nothing happens the moment I realized that's what it
says I cut the extract I started
again do you remember No, this man is
focusing everything on whether they are sexual moans
or not and he thinks that the
important thing is that and that what
the judge is going to decide is Whether it sounds like
sexual moans or not And that makes Exactly the
same it's that no he didn't say anything
actionable utbh let's see there what I
thought was that the moment he goes up
and clarifies it No, well it's over no there
what I thought is that Sergio had
continued with the nonsense that let's see
when sasel says that the
screams that are not sexual screams are manipulated
but that he was playing
fortnite what I thought was that Sergio had
locked himself in continuing to
say yes yes fortnite Yes yes fortnite
as if to say that he didn't believe it No but
the moment he came up here and said no no that it's
okay that m a  I don't
care about the explanation okay or I know there
was nothing else. I mean Yacel in the end
what was locked was in the term
moan and it's like see if we base ourselves
on the terms let's see I'm going to look it up no I didn't feel like
looking for it let's see moan
in that context clear moan it is used
more for sexual no not really no
Look let's see action and effect of moaning
come on okay moan said of a person to
emit a sound that expresses pain pain or
sexual pleasure said of an animal or
a thing to produce sounds similar to
those of a person when they moan well
moan to emit a sound that expresses pain
pain or sexual pleasure okay I mean if we
base ourselves on what the dictionary says
then moan can also be used
for a cry of pain but in reality it is
used more with sex When
someone screams because they get angry in
Fortnite Well you say Agusín 51 scream
a lot okay or scream okay But
well in the end to lock ourselves in the term
when Sergio goes up and says Hey no no no
I'm not saying that your girlfriend
is next door with what's up and and he messed up
too  he has asked for forgiveness well you
can forgive him or you cannot forgive him
but there is no more debate the judge is
going to say whether there is an
illegitimate interference in the right to
honor or not Here there are two rights in
collision on the one hand and both are
fundamental rights
constitutionally enshrined one the
right to freedom of expression and the
other the right to honor and when there are
two rights in collision we have to be up
to date and we have to be in accordance with the
jurisprudence of the supreme court and the
jurisprudence of the supreme court which
is very clear and which I know by heart
because I have invoked it on a
dozen occasions the jurisprudence
of the supreme court says that criticism is legitimate
and even criticism towards or
against this I already told you this ok
on many occasions I said this I don't
know if it was yesterday with this case or talking
about something else Okay on many
occasions the trials We should see La
Movida no because even if you insult It does not
mean that everything that you cannot
sue everyone because they have
insulted you but that they have to  there is already
some damage to your reputation with that
insult you understand even a damage
that you do to someone's reputation
may be true or I mean I can be
saying Hey look Sergio is
very bald And the truth is that he is
too bald okay And he sues me
and the judge says Hey what happened to you You don't have to
reveal it nobody
knew or Hey this gives Sergio a very bad image we
condemn you pay him this money
because in the end civil lawsuits eh
a claim for money not a
claim for money because you
consider that they have to replace
something that they have done to you a damage that they have
done to you no e but it does not mean that it is a
lie there are times when you can sue
something and it is an invention a
false accusation okay they can call you a
pedophile that is false and you sue and
win okay but it may also be
damaging your honor something that is that is
true But they cannot
say it because it damages your image you understand so that is why you should
always consult professionals no Although
we have our opinion and it
says it literally putting the only
barrier  in the insult and not only in the
insult but when the insult is
unnecessary and gratuitous to transmit
the idea that is wanted already this is what was
going not that you in many occasions
arguing with someone or crossing
videos with someone or making criticisms
to someone who is not even
answering you you can insult him Let's
see you can insult him no it is not the
right to insult either but you
can insult him if it has to do with
the context of what you are talking about or
rather if it is not a gratuitous thing
Imagine that I say that Pablo Pablo
You are a [ __ ] crazy you are a [ __ ] crazy [ __ ]
because you have made a video
where you are saying that cows
fly this [ __ ] Pablo well I
understand that within such No now
I will get confused Pablo it is that you are a [ __ ]
disgusting abuser and you have a
very dirty mouth and your armpits smell And
surely your balls smell too
and surely you like to put
penises three by three up your ass
So there it does violate honor it is
understood No it is not about the insulo
be more or less mild it is about what is
free not that it is in the actual
example if I am talking about a person
who has
Diogenes syndrome and who has the house
full of filth and who lives like a pig pig
it is an insult but in this
case it could be useful to express the
opinion on the matter therefore in this
case that there has not been any insult
good example however it is different
that I now take Sergio and say pig
that you are a [ __ ] shitty pig and
eat my balls pig there we would be
talking about an unnecessary insult that you
have simply described a situation there is
nothing to scratch in law
honor above all because the right to
honor is what protects you could
subscribe eh Sergio to your
lawyer's Channel I say eh look 75000
subscribe everyone man subscribe everyone let's
go for the 100,000 no Let's see if they give him
the plate he charges me less no don't see do
n't see the work that we have and
the Case that we have I'm going to ruin
everyone subscribing to
Pablo Franco's Channel lawyer come on 75000 has
there we'll see how many of us are capable of
putting it is the image that others
have of us the consideration that
others have of us not what
we would like them to have I mean the
right to honor does not protect the
consideration that I would like
others to have about me but what they
have this we were also
talking about yesterday with the issue of Sara villin
with the issue of Sara vin was that we
were talking about it Oh by the way we
would have to watch the hoochi video I
don't forget to watch the
hochi video can you remind me because I don't
have it here can you remind me that if you
think that a person eh has become
famous for having approached It's that I don't
want to set that example I want
nobody to think they're gone or anything like that let's
see let's see well Pablo has
said it okay basically it's one it's one
if you have an image that you have eh if
you have an image in which within the
context of your entire public history it
is normal and justified for people to
think or have opinions okay It does not
violate honor if someone with their
freedom of expression is saying it it would
violate it if  someone is
accusing you of something to your face under
any kind of argument And in this
case there is no attack on the right to
honor there what an audiobook I just told you
well it's the audiobook
that I asked you for Pablo eh guys follow
Pablo Franco here is his
YouTube channel you also have him on
Twitch but but subscribe yourself Well
like this video probably most will
see it but subscribe your
life will be the guy is a woman okay his
girlfriend is a woman who has H fans who
has H fans in which if you
pay three three bucks you can hear her
moan and all this but the fact that I assume
that could be a moan is something that the
judge is clearly going to reproach me for because
above all she is a woman Yacel has
enormous respect do you seriously it was not
necessary It was not necessary dude bolita
Galáctica gave a super chat of 100
bucks Here is the rest from the other day there
was no need for bolita not even
the 400 was necessary [ __ ] obviously
I thank you with all my soul and I will use it  eh
the best I can okay I'll use it for
something good and I send you a big hug
and a guy of his word eh a guy of his
word eh the bastard said it and he
did it Thanks man Hey applause
applause the chat eh women are worth their
sexuality their freedom and all this sasel
is the same because you passed me this
clip that I think they kicked off Twitch
a while ago for saying this okay about
two streamers like cristinini and others
Tell me a little Sergio Ah yeah Well this
guy this I already posted this deel
in his day for the subscription I tell you this I'm
not posting this to call him sexist
or misogynist or get into a moralistic roll here I'm
posting it to say that the
man who cares so much about respect
for women and who believes that
judges in Spain will tell you that above all
respect for a woman is the most
important thing in the world is the same one who
said these things not too much with
the phrase with double meaning what to say
let's see there are two possibilities yan
cristinini V is talking about cristin
Well in fact I think  that he got banned from
twit for that eh if I remember correctly the
lores of sasel I think that's why he got
banned eh that he always appears on the
front page and in cristinini there are two
possibilities please either you put more
effort into your live play Here is the
rest from the other day I hope It is used for
the croquettes of the tion Thanks man thank you
very much really cu better or
whatever because it is that you do nothing
nor are you funny nor have anything and such
man or at least show more breast Or
at least show more breast Because at least there
is Aris Gameplay that is
worthless But at least she puts her
tits in your mouth windy Gameplay at least she
Put her tits in your mouth
Okay, she is worthless but
windy is worthless but what does
sasel do tell us what does windy Gear that is
worthless Put her tits in your
mouth and well puts them well brought well brought well
brought ent seras in your mouth
windy also the am The amance that is no
longer enough to put her tits in
your mouth but  also turns you on the ass
and the whole macho chirri man well at
least he says Well well look at least J
dude I mean cristinini amuran all
these are [ __ ] but at least they
turn you on the tits and cristinini should
put more tits and so on eh again
I'm not going to make the great moral judgment here
of oh my god man
the comments are a little ugly he said that my
chat that when he got into my chat
that was not moderated I'm going to show you what
his chat said about me before
this escalated this is when I made the
first reaction well And this discussion they
had Regarding the chats
could not be solved in a flash eh
entering and checking
this is what his chat said sandr adm
Thanks for subscribing he says he was
about to jump into your debate on
Javi oliveira's Channel and say that it
was all truol's fault and his work as
moderator a hug Look This is what he
said These are the things that were said
in his chat okay this is him his chat this
guy this is what one Stream should
do is consider leaving  the coke
said one there another said his girlfriend is
faking it for sure this was your respectful chat
sasel before this escalates this is
the first time you reacted to me
too here you say up to here I
unfollow that [ __ ] insult me
for three bucks says tvh lukewarm disgusting
okay I see that guy I cover his mouth
punches This was something Quite
recurrent because when I went to your
Well I shut down the chat and I got
pissed off with the things I was
reading and so on that if they see me on the
street I'll break your face Pili eh this
afternoon would be good if you want If you
want
because I don't know if it's a
little short and we're meeting at 9 yes if you
want to see about this afternoon
a little and I don't know if there will be something from yesterday it
was something that I even received later in
whispers okay I'm splitting my
balls It's not that I'm victimizing myself it's that I'm
splitting my balls with
these angry people who threaten me with if they
see me on the street I'll split I'll break your
mouth [ __ ]  or or I'm going to break something for you
Quite recurrent but since you
were talking about how bad my chat was
no and what in the end I told them
both here, I don't think I understand that
it was clear, let's see in the end you can't take
responsibility you can't Let's see
the chat issue is a very
simple issue okay we also discussed it
recently with a girl who didn't
understand anything in the youth group okay
I am responsible for the chat in the case
in which I HM on purpose take
Imagine that Pilar to whom I send a
kiss who is the prettiest in the chatora
itself there says Hey well eh sasel is
a son of a [ __ ] and also very ugly and I take
the comment I put it here on the screen
and say very well Pilar very well keep it up
I love your comment You know Now
if Pilar puts that comment in the
chat sasel is a son of a [ __ ] and he is
bald Okay well I don't see why
Because there are how many people are there here now
1000 people How the hell am I going to see the
comment and less if we are  in a
debate or less if we are on a call
okay, I mean even if I'm chatting
with the chat it may slip up on you
Maybe we can't discuss it okay but
if we are on a video call, I mean
when I'm on calls I don't see the chat
Maybe I take a look for a
second out of the corner of my eye you know but I can't
be responsible you know And I'm
telling you more you can't be responsible
Many times not even for what the
guest says You can be responsible for what
the guest says yes yes if you have
rehearsed with him eh what can I tell you, I mean
for example to son solle no when they
brought the testimony of a guy who was going
to say that the other was a stalker I don't
know what it is okay but but of course, I mean you ca
n't guess what
an unpredictable person is going to say to you or in a
discussion in a debate So the
chat thing depending on me I think it's
well understood when it's the responsibility
of one streamer or another or so What are we supposed to
do in
a live show, veto the chat, I mean put the
comments like sometimes I mean in
YouTube videos it can be put by
approval by approval  is that you
go into every YouTube video and accept
the ones you like and the ones you don't, it's not worth
it in a chat in a live it doesn't make
sense how it works at most
When you catch someone who goes too
far then you can ban them okay or delete
the comment But in the end you throw in my
face what I tell you Oh okay And I'm
going to explain the difference okay
here I was suggesting I'm never
going to call you clear as if
implying that it was what I was
calling you indirectly saying
these things no it wasn't what I
was calling you indirectly and I'm going to
explain to you why it's worth the difference is that e
How do I tell you Neither you nor anyone who
says that will ever see me in their
[ __ ] life snorting a line of farl in
their [ __ ] life Neither you nor anyone who
calls me a cocaine addict, many
of whom are by the way, in chat, in their [ __ ]
life will ever see me snorting a line
however however anyone who
wants to if he pays three favors yes they can
see your girlfriend naked and that's it  without
paying three bucks Okay when at the time you
say no is that they call you Cook
This is what seeing basically I have not
gone too much we are this is from
April 11th is to be literally doing TR
days Eh No I have not had buf Let's see it is a
saca it is a saca it is a saca I do not think it
hurts what he has said no I mean if
you have internalized and accepted that your
girlfriend may be able to enter to see
your girlfriend for 3 no I do not understand that for
him it is not an offense it is not a sasca in the
sense that they can see
your girlfriend if they can see her in a
sexual context paying 3 But they cannot
see me in a context of doing drugs it is
a saca I do not think it is an offense I
understand that it is more than overcome and more
than good They agree not too that
exploring too much okay like this is you
your partner sasel Like if they want me to be
your girlfriend Who wants with me Follow me
for more Like if they want to moan with me
so much that it bothered you about moaning okay
Like if they want with me or with me Like
if you would like  [ __ ] me in public Like
if they want to do it with me he does live streams
the number one defender of cosu what morals
face crying with laughter no no on that topic
The utbh skate is incredible but we are
in another we are in another it does not invalidate
everything It does not invalidate everything but yes yes with the with the thing of I do
not remember the
literal words but with the thing with the
cocu we could have asked him
the other day eh okay if they want to eat
melons if they want me as a girlfriend he repeats
a lot the thing of if they want you as a girlfriend they want me to be their
girlfriend they want to take
a car they want me to be their girlfriend well
I put this for you because this I mean
the girlfriend herself uses the term
moan okay people are using
this but you see it like this calm down Sergio
here in the debate I would have given him more
lectures it would have been better he would have
Look pam pam pam pam you know but
of course he came in fired up they were
crashing into you to hurt you it's because it's
noticeable that it hurts you and that's the
difference okay between not that they are not
going to call you Cook and they are not going to
love me it's ugly  that people use
this this to mess with you but this
is a reality that you have to
deal with and that clearly bothers you and that
is the difference between you having
people who use this and such to
attack you calling you Cook okay And to me
okay all those who call me cocaine addict
Look at this Look this look at this Neither you nor
any of these will ever see me in
your [ __ ] life doing a line
okay [ __ ] what pisses you off is not that
the haters call you Cook and all Because
if you had you were totally
comfortable And you are totally internalized
in the positive the fact that your partner
has a hly fans would not bother you it is
true it is true eh cambre to the flashes
hard right leg Ah a roll yes sexy
down up roll roll
sure and makes content and such and Hey and you
give yourself the luxury I think it's very cool and you
give yourselves the luxury wouldn't it piss you off so much
that people remembered you Hey your girlfriend
has only fans Hey look here they are
asking me if I want to be her boyfriend look
here moaning  look here she's going to do a
live look here I'll pay three bucks and I
can literally have a book of your
girlfriend naked okay that's what I understand that
you like that I would have explained it
better to her it really bothers you in the debate because if
not you'd be screwed okay You wouldn't react
this way and you wouldn't say the things that you
say and you wouldn't even go as far as to do it
Oh well I'm not going to tell you if
you get involved or not get involved or this or that
That's the difference I mean Okay
then I recommend you man that you
work on this I don't know maybe you can
go to some kind of therapy or something
but work on it and see the problem with that is
that if it does bother you It
really does bother you although although even if you
publicly say no it would
remind me a little of what Juan Guarnizo did
Juan Guarnizo said no that it didn't
bother him that this look Juan Guarnizo
first had a time when he would
mess with girls who did Yeah yes he
teaches chuga I don't know what how much they
made fun of Windy no when his wife
did it okay the content this semip
pornographic it was quite pornographic
well no it didn't get to the point of penetration
But well the movements the shots I'm
telling you because it's leaked
everywhere I think even on YouTube
there's a lot of it fiste what I'm telling you let's
go the only thing that was missing was what was
missing okay for it to be pornographic
for example the dam muran is
totally pornographic eh Juan got angry when they
told him 399 I don't know what it is he
really doesn't give a damn I know you really don't give a damn
you really don't get angry and Juan ended up
crying my bed is better than yours I don't
know how much and Ari had to leave because
because Juan really didn't
like it it bothered him and he wasn't there and it
was bothering him and how and by not
saying anything to his girlfriend he was
keeping quiet damn tell her I can't
stand this If you want to be with me no this is not going to
happen nothing is going to happen let's
stop with the [ __ ] nonsense
machismo the patriarchy the pants
at home let's stop it poye if you get
upset and you can't stand something about
your partner you can  talk about the relationship
is eh a relationship is okay especially
when you get married It's sharing your life with
another person okay It doesn't have to be that
you are the owner nor the other person is the
owner of your life life okay neither you are the
owner of the other's life nor the other
owner of yours nor does he/she command you as
if he/she were your father or your owner or anything like that
But if you can't live with
a apcho you can talk about it okay do you want me to
tell you if my partner there is one thing
that is that you can't stand it damn you are going to be
hurting him/her hurting him/her
and also when we are talking
one thing that is that it is logical that it
hurts him/her how is it that 3 can pay to
have something that your partner wants to have
in
private work on it okay because I have not
called you cuc or said anything to you nor does it
seem to me that the fact that you have a
girlfriend who has olifans is something to
humiliate a third person okay
but but it is obvious that it pisses you off and I
understand because it would piss me off too It would
piss me off too I would also screw up
I would probably
Although  I would like and I rationalize that it
should be something that I didn't care about if
my girlfriend had only fans and the whole
internet I was telling myself this
maybe I wouldn't know how to digest it either no no
I just wouldn't accept
that my partner had an ol fan
directly I don't see anything wrong with
whoever does it eh I don't see anything wrong with
whoever does it because they are not
hurting anyone if they are not hurting your
partner okay you are not hurting
anyone but the problem would be me with the
internal conflict that I have with my
partner okay well the fault of the debate was
mine alvise I warned Javi oliveira that
sasel was in the Twitch chat well
yanur isac whatever it is anyway
and and I give myself the luxury sasel as
you said yesterday I give myself the luxury I also give myself I
give myself the luxury from time to time
sasel's lawyer can do it file a
complaint nonsense to everyone Oh no no I don't
think I will file a complaint
because it doesn't make any sense and even less
after having participated  In a
debate on the subject where
Sergio later clarifies that I don't
see him anymore
[Music]